>> Nina Zakharenko: Let's open up
our first project, let's change to
our home directory, for
Windows that's cd space $home.
And then enter the Py workshop
folder from the last step,
the directory that you just created.
We're gonna activate our virtual
environment, should already be activated.
Now we're gonna open a project
from VS code in the command line.
So from that project directory
we're gonna type code space dot,
this should open the project
in the current directory.
And this is the last time we're gonna be
using the terminal outside of VS code for
the duration of the course.
Now if for
some reason this isn't working for you or
you're getting a permission
denied error or
something like that, you can just open
VS code from wherever you installed it.
Just double-click on the application and
then navigate to File,
Open, and open this PyWorkshop folder.
So there are two really important
keyboard shortcuts that you'll
need to remember for
VS code and that's it.
If you have Notepad open or
a piece of paper, I recommend just
writing them down so
you have them handy, the command palate.
So on Mac, that's command shift p,
on Windows, control shift p.
This is just your map to VS code,
you can type any command in here and
it will just easily narrow it down.
Anything that you might wanna do,
you'll find from the command palate.
The next is the open file dialog,
on Mac, that's command P, on Windows,
it's Ctrl P, and that will easily let
you open any file in your project.
And as you type it'll narrow things down.
>> Nina Zakharenko: So
that's the basics of VS code,
a little bit about working with Python.
Where the first time that we
open a Python file in VS code,
we're gonna get some
configuration pop ups.
For the time being,
make sure that you don't dismiss them
cuz we're going to take action for them.
So let's make a new file called
project.py in the Py Workshop directory.
>> Nina Zakharenko: And
if we wanted to do that from VS Code,
there is a built in terminal.
I know this via the keyboard shortcuts,
on Mac it's CTRL + backtick and
on Windows it's CTRL + single quote.
So that should drop you
into the py workshop
directory right here in the terminal.
And on Mac,
we can just say touch project.py,
and that'll make a new Python file here.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Or you can make
a new file via this top left icon here,
that's your explorer.
You can just select the right folder and
then hit this new file button.